font-weight
text-decoration
text-decoration-style for instance wavy
line-spacing
letter-spacing
font-size: 100px
font-family: 


Selectors:
	Universal *
	Element Selector button, img, h1, h2, div etc
	Elements seperated by space means for instance div p means every p inside div is selected
	ID to change look of certain element we use #name to get access;
	Class is used to mark different types of elements; .name to get access to it in CSS;
	Adjacent selector uses combinations of 2 elements to select the second one; like div + a which selects every a written after div\
	Direct-Descendant selector selects child element of certain element; like div > a which selects child a of div
	Attribute selecter:
		Input[type ="text"]
		Section.post - selects every section with class "post". A class is a attribute;
	Pseudo class: when element is selected, being hovered over or active gets selected
			nth-of-type(3n, 2n etc) used to select every 3rd or 2nd element of index; if without n, 3 or 2, selects only 3th or 2nd
	Pseudo element: selects certain part of element and accessed with ::first-line or ::first-letter ::selected etc
	Specificity: id > class > element. ID is the most specific element which means it will overwrite others
	!important declaration is used to mark style as super important.But it should not be used
	inherit keyword is used to mark elements that don't inherit by default

	Use chrome dev tools to debug css
	
Box model - A concept that every elements inside web takes up box shaped spaces.
	width - width of  the box
	height - height of the box
	
	inorder to display border we must implement border-width, border-color and border-style. Nice to have box-sizing: bordex-box
	border-left-color is also possible to change only one side of box
	border-radius is used to make edges round.Nice to use % as units
	padding - a space between content and border. padding-left and right etc exist.
	margin - a space between border and other element. margin: top, left, bottom, right can be added at once

	width | style | color - order of creating a border in one line
	display - it's a property for setting element inline, block or inline-block. Inline elements share their surrounding space with other
	inline elements. But the block elements do the opposite. Inline-block elements behave like inline elements but their width, height properties
	are respected.

em is a unit type. But it scales with parent or relative element. For instance, padding is relative to font-size.Then when when font-size
	changes the padding also changes.But one of the downside is the scale stacks as the element is a child of nested parents.
rem scale with the most root element not from the direct parent.
Alpha channel refers only color of that elements, whereas opacity refers the whole element and descendants of that elements. Both change the
transparency of element.

Position property:
	1. Static - top, right ,bot and left have no influence if the element is marked as static
	2. Relative - top, right, bot and left have infuence relative where the element originally was.
	3. Absolute - it takes the element out from document flow.
unsplash.com is loyalty free picture downloading site

background-image - "url"; sets background image
background-size - cover; the image covers background and by default repeats the image if it's small;
background-position - top; shows topside of the image;
background: position/size "url"; shorthand of whole background
calc() - used to calculate mathematical operations

position property:
	1. Relative - Relative to 
	2. Absolute - takes up no space in document flow. Relative to its parent.
	3. Static - top,left,bot,right have no influence. Elements are static by default.
	4. Fixed - position is fixed relative to html.
	
transition property:
	property | duration | timing function | delay

margin property - has auto keyword which automatically distributes remaining space evenly

transform property:
	transform-origin : center
	rotate()
	translateX , translateY
	skew - distort the shape into eclipse like shape
FlexBox - flexible box element which shrinks or expands via screen ratio;
	flexbox has two axis', main and cross, by default elements align along main axis;
	flex-direction: row used to change all direction of alignment of elements;
	flex-direction: row-reverse to change row direction;
	flex-direction: column;
	flex-direction: column-reverse;

	justify-content: flex-start; is default justified position
	justify-content: flex-end; will snap to end of given space
	justify-content: center; centers content to given space
	justify-content: space-between; evenly distributes extra space between elements
	justify-content: space-around; evenly distributes extra space on each sides of elements
	justify-content: space-evenly; distributes extra space between elements and padding
	
	flex-wrap: wrap; wrap the content there is no enough space
	flex-wrap: wrap-reverse; 

	align-item: flex-start; aligns item along cross-axis;
	align-item: flex-end;
	align-content: space-between; controls space between wrapped rows and columns;
	
	align-self: center; used to change only one element's property;

//Change button hover color on the pricing panel task;
	.pricing-tag:focus{} means when the elements is selected

align-self - used to adjust only one element in main or cross elements 
align-items - used to control how to items along cross behave on their own.
align-content - used to control all items' space along cross axis.

flex-basis - initial size of item along main axis.It's before space distribution;
flex-grow - property can be added to single item assigning how the items takes up additional space;
flex-shrink - property that controls how much the item shrinks when there's not enough space.By default it's 1;
flex -grow | shrink | basis is order of short hand;

@media (orientation - landscape){} means all css inside curvy braces will be applied then the device's orientation is set to landscape;
@media (max-width = 500px){} while width is between 0 and 500px css inscie the curvy braces will be applied;
 
Search css reset on google to have same beginning point on all browsers.
